If you don't want to install development tools, but have access to the
Web, you can get ROM images made on demand from http://rom-o-matic.net/

For the impatient, "cd src" and "make". Your ROM images will be in
bin32/xxx.rom and bin32/xxx.lzrom, where xxx is the name of your NIC
driver.  See src/NIC for the list of supported NICs. The mknbi tools are
now distributed separately from the Etherboot web site
http://etherboot.sourceforge.net/  Mknbi is not needed for booting
FreeBSD.

The documentation tarballs should be extracted in the top directory (the
one you are reading this INSTALL document from). A top directory called
doc will be created. This way the links from index.html will work
properly.

More likely if you are unfamiliar with Etherboot you should read the
documentation starting with index.html if you have a Web browser, or
doc/text/userman.txt (after installing the documentation tarball) if you
just have a plain text terminal.

Also read RELNOTES for any additional recent information.

Don't forget to check out the contrib/ directory which contains much
contributed software and documentation. Please contact the authors of
those packages directly for queries.

If you are booting FreeBSD, enable -DELF_IMAGE (and optionally
-DAOUT_IMAGE) in Config. This should happen automatically now.

The index.html file is the same as the one on the Etherboot home page at
the time the distribution was made. Therefore some of the local file:/
links from the Distribution section may not work.

Etherboot was built using gcc 2.95.2 and binutils 2.10.0.33 from SuSE
7.1, but earlier versions of gcc and binutils may work. The version of
as used must recognise the code16 and code32 directives. gas 2.9.5 or
later is required. It also compiles under gcc 3.0 and gas 2.11, but
mimimal testing has been done.
